feat: add `store/get` & `upload/get` capabilities (#82)
web3-storage/specs: w3-store.md

#### Derivations

`store/get` can be derived from a [`store/*`](#store) or [`*`][ucan-spec-top] capability with a matching `with` field.

#### Caveats

When invoking `store/get`, the `link` caveat must be set to the CID of the CAR file to get metadata for.

If a delegation contains a `link` caveat, an invocation derived from it must have the same CAR CID in its `link` field. A delegation without a `link` caveat may be invoked with any `link` value.

| `field`   | `value`                           | `required?` | `context`                                     |
| --------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `link`    | CAR CID string, e.g. `bag...`     |             | The CID of the CAR to get metadata for        |

#### Invocation

```js
{
  can: "store/get",
  with: "did:key:abc...",
  nb: {
    link: "bag...",
  }
}
```

#### Responses

*Note*: This section is non-normative and subject to change, pending the [formalization of receipts and invocations][invocation-spec-pr].

Executing a `store/get` invocation with a service provider should return a response object.

> If a failure occurs, the response will have an `error` field with a value of `true`, and a `message` string field with details about the error.

Reviewer: maybe I'm misunderstanding this, but won't the error response look like:

```js
{ error: { name: "ErrorName", message: "An error message" } }
```

?

Author: ah yes you right. I was blending this in with the rest of this spec, but things have changed!

I can't find a place in our other specs where we document the expected output shapes which seems odd too.

Reviewer: yeaaaa I agree, I think it's a hole in our specs that we haven't documented the input/return types across the board, maybe even a DX issue worth fixing asap?

> On success, the response object will have the following shape:

Reviewer: and similarly, I think the response will look like:

```javascript
{ ok: {link: "bagy...", size: 42, insertedAt: "2023-01-01T01:01:01" } }
```

}
```

### `upload/get`

> Get metadata about a upload from a space

The `upload/get` capability can be invoked to get metadata about an upload from a [space](#spaces).

This may be used to check for inclusion, or to get the set of CAR shards associated with a root CID.

The `with` resource URI must be set to the DID of the space to get the upload metadata from.

#### Derivations

`upload/get` can be derived from an [`upload/*`](#upload) or [`*`][ucan-spec-top] capability with a matching `with` resource URI.

#### Caveats

> The `root` caveat must contain the root CID of the data item to remove.

Reviewer: s/remove/return/

> The `root` caveat must contain the root CID of the data item to remove.

Author: ```suggestion
The `root` caveat must contain the root CID of the item to get metadata for.
```

| `field`   | `value`                           | `required?` | `context`                                                     |
| --------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `root`    | data CID string, e.g. `bafy...`   |             | The root CID of the upload to get metadata for                |

Reviewer: required should be true I think

Author: yep,  but i think we need to make it clearer that these tables are referring to "when used as an invocation", as the `root` is not required in the schema, as folks should be allowed to make a delegation that grants you `upload/get` on any root. same for `store.get`. My gut feel is we should make the tables present the ucanto schema rather than the "when used as invocation" form.

Author: (yep, as i deliberately differed from the other items in this spec where they have marked an optional field as required)

Reviewer: ahhhh got it, I agree re: presenting ucanto schema!!

#### Invocation

To invoke `upload/get`, an agent prepares a UCAN with the following shape:

```js
{
  can: "upload/get",
  with: "did:key:abc...",
  nb: {
    root: "bafyabc..."
  }
}
```

#### Responses

*Note*: This section is non-normative and subject to change, pending the [formalization of receipts and invocations][invocation-spec-pr].

Executing an `upload/get` invocation with a service provider should return a response object.

> If a failure occurs, the response will have an `error` field with a value of `true`, and a `message` string field with details about the error.

Reviewer: ditto re: response formats in this section
